# PyPlanning

---

A wrapper for Unified-Planning to create problem definition from domain code. 

## Structure
The repository is divided into two directories:
* AIROB: contains the PDDL problem and domain files relative to a dummy problem _Cubeotta_. The problem requires the Cobotta robot to cooperate with the human operator to paint some specified sides of a cube that is located within the workspace. The robot can handle multiple tools, specifically a brush and a dryer. Both tools can be picked up and put down by the robot; the brush can be used to pick up colour, while the dryer can be turned on and off by the robot using it to dry a cube side after painting it. The AIROB directory contains folders where the domain is defined, while the problem is automatically generated by the code implemented in the domain files using decorators that convert it into PDDL actions, preconditions, effects, and predicates.
* frontend: contains the code that handles the GUI. It is structured as a standard React Web App, with minimal style to make its usage more straightforward.

## Installation 
Clone the repository 
```
git clone https://github.com/tetofonta/PyPlanning.git 
```
Create and activate a virtual env
```
python -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
```
Install the required packages
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Start the backend (we will use the domain _Cubeotta_ as an example)
```
python AIROB --domain cubeotta --num-cubes {num_cubes}
```
Use the following instructions to start the frontend (you will need to have installed Node)
```
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```
